the medicinal value of it when I
need is to make a bomb so I can
put it on my sore muscles and
joints I had a tremendous amount
of surgeries and work done and
I'm in my mid fifties living in
a very brutally cold climate
this is hopefully going to keep
me limber enough get my
lifestyle going on in here then
we're gonna take oil resins
those little clippings have I
want to leak it out into the oil
I can use it as a royal
treatment I prefer a sales
occurring this is my means wax
you can see that nice amber
color this is the same time
after right now you see this car
line you know it hurts like hell
through here but this is going
to help me sleep and get me
through this and get me through
it with a smile instead of a
deer